Hey, hey, hey, we're ready to get started getting customers.
I hope you guys are excited, because right
now I'm going to smash that excitement with
some sad, sad news. In this upcoming section,
yes, we are going to go after potential customers
and get our first couple sales, but everything in this
section is manual effort.
You heard in the previous lectures we talked about
the graph of effort and customers, we're focusing on
the first section, which is low effort, low reward, but
that effort comes from you, because we want to save
resources until we are 100% sure we know exactly
what we're doing and what we're offering.
So, yes, these techniques are not going to be glamorous,
and these techniques are not going to get you
1,000 customers, let alone 100,
but what they will get you is your first set of customers.
Now, sometimes getting over that initial hump of
getting your first customer is all you need to actually
feel validated and motivated that you,
yes, can start this business and grow it.
Trust me, the first time that you see that order button
get clicked and an order placed, or the first
time you get an invoice for your first sale,
that is a huge moment, and is one of the
best things about being a business owner.
Conversely, one of the most discouraging things that
can happen to an entrepreneur is spending hundreds
of hours building a product, pouring your effort and
your life and your soul into some product that then
just flounders and doesn't get a sale
for an extended period of time.
It happens to a lot of people out there.
It's incredibly discouraging, and it makes
you feel like you're just wasting your time.
So that's what we're going to do in this section, we're
going to specifically target getting you over that hump.
It's a big block, and that's why we're going to use
some tried and true manual efforts to get over that,
so you can feel like, yes, you can do it. Now, you won't
be a multi-millionaire at the end of this section,
and if you were already a multi-millionaire
because you were rich beforehand, call me,
but what we will do is establish that your product is real
and is needed, and most importantly, don't forget this,
we will finally establish a feedback
loop with real live customers.
This is the feedback we're going to gather and
incorporate into our business so that we can go to the
next stages with ease.
Let me tell you right now, if you do not start working
with real customers, getting real feedback,
you run the risk of completely blowing out and failing
at the higher effort, higher reward strategies.
You cannot just jump right into a content strategy,
for instance, without first getting some real customers,
figuring out who they are exactly, what they like,
what they respond to, what your product benefits are,
and what are its weaknesses, and you need to get that
from real customers, not just yourself and your friends.
All right, get excited,
but don't get too excited, because we are going to get
some sales, but it's going to be in a quick and dirty fashion
that is not at all glamorous.
All right.
See you in the next lecture.